# Jinko API Cookbooks

Welcome to the Jinko API Cookbooks repository. This project contains practical examples and tutorials for using the Jinko API, aimed at helping users integrate and leverage Jinko's features programmatically.

## Project Overview

The Jinko API Cookbooks provide a series of Jupyter Notebooks demonstrating real-life use cases and practical applications of the Jinko API. These cookbooks are designed to help users navigate common tasks and advanced scenarios using the Jinko platform.

Jinko is an innovative SaaS and CaaS platform focused on trial simulation and design optimization. The Jinko API offers programmatic access to a wide range of functionalities, facilitating integration with various tools and enhancing collaboration.

Find out more at [Jinko Doc](https://doc.jinko.ai)

## Structure

- **[Quick start](#quick-start)**
  - How to register a token
  - Cloning and installing the project
  - Environment setup
- **[Tutorials](/tutorial)**
  - Sequential walkthroughs of available services
    - [01-getting-started](/tutorial/01-getting-started.ipynd): Setup and user information
    - 02-navigate: List project resources
    - 03-knowledge: Manage knowledge sources, extracts, and documents
    - 04-modeling: Create and edit a model
    - 05-trial: Create a trial, protocol, and VPOP
    - 06-simulate: Run a simulation and read progress
    - 07-analysis: Retrieve and download results
- **[Cookbooks](/cookbooks)**
  - Real-life examples and practical use cases
  - See the [template](/cookbooks/example_01.ipynb) to start a new cookbook with.
- **Autogenerated API Documentation**

## Quick-Start

To get started, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
    ```sh
    git clone git@git.novadiscovery.net:jinko/api/jinko-api-cookbook.git
    cd jinko-api-cookbook
    ```
2. **Register a Token**: 
   - Open the admin section of a project
   - Go to the API Access tab and click on "New Token"
   - Copy `.envrc.sample` to `.envrc` and adjust the variable in it
   - Source `.envrc` (see too [direnv](https://direnv.net/))
3. **Run cookbooks**:
   - With python and poetry
     ```
     poetry install
     poetry shell
     jupyter-lab
     ```
   - With vscode: see [Official Jupyter integration](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/jupyter-notebooks)
   - With [nix](https://nixos.org): `nix run` (or `nix develop` then use poetry)


## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Jinko API Cookbooks! Your contributions help make our documentation and examples better for everyone.

To maintain a high standard and ensure consistency across all cookbooks, please follow these guidelines when contributing:

### 1. Create an MR Per Cookbook

- Each contribution should be made as a separate Merge Request (MR).
- This allows for easier review and ensures that changes are focused and isolated.

### 2. One Cookbook = One Use Case

- Each Jupyter Notebook (cookbook) should focus on a single, well-defined use case.
- Avoid combining multiple use cases into one notebook.

### 3. Keep It Light and Simple

- Aim to keep the examples straightforward and easy to understand.
- Avoid adding unnecessary complexity.

### 4. Comment and Illustrate with Real Use Cases

- Provide clear and concise comments within the code to explain the steps and logic.
- Illustrate each use case with real examples using the Jinko API.

### 5. Focus on Illustrating API Usage

- The primary goal is to demonstrate the use of the Jinko API.
- Avoid adding too many additional functions or helpers that detract from the main purpose.

### Example Structure

See [/cookbooks/example_01.ipynb]


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For support or inquiries, please contact us at support@jinko.ai